### KatKerrSearch
##### HERE'S WHERE TO DO YOUR DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE ASKING KAT A HEAVEN QUESTION TO SEE IF SHE HAS ALREADY ADDRESSED THAT TOPIC.
  Each link pulls up a transcript of several presentations.  More links can be expected in the future in order to prevent the files from violating size limits.
* [**Assorted content 1**](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/blob/main/Kat%20Kerr's%20Heaven%20Talks%20sans%20timestamps%20and%20linebreaks?raw=true), assorted transcripts' sheer volume requires several files
* [**Assorted content 2**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/main/Kat%20Kerr's%20Heaven%20Talks04232021%20sans%20timestamps%20and%20linebreaks)
* [**Elijah Streams content**](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/blob/main/Kat%20Kerr's%20Heaven%20Talks%20ElijahStreams%20sans%20timestamps%20and%20linebreaks?raw=true), this collection of YouTube transcripts does include the most recently transcribed ElijahStreams **Jul 7, 2021 EPISODE 32** interview
***
* **Speediest search technique I know of:** Since your browser search feature might retain search terms for the transcript pages rendered in the same url domain as this page, you would enter the browser search feature and phrase of interest into it while this page is still showing, then click on each link above, search it from the **_browser search feature that you've kept open_**, keep search open and back out of just that page.  The main point is to keep your browser search feature open as you go from here, to content link, to "back" here, and on to the next content link.  Repeat until you finish searching all the content links.  Firefox browser allows this technique nicely.
* **Read current content** - only supported as the first stage of searching each content link.
* **Locate the target YouTube video:** If your search is successful, the cursor will be located on the phrase within a video transcript.  **The YouTube url of that video is the last one prior to that cursor location.**  Grab and go to that url and search that transcript you'll find there.  If for some reason you can't pull it up, that transcript has been saved in a file named similar to the one in which you performed the search successfully, without the "sans timestamps and linebreaks" in the name.  If you know a certain phrase (multiple words) is located in the video but you're having difficulty finding it in the raw transcript, remember this: raw transcripts often separate words by more than one space or it could be spread across multiple lines.
* [**Submit suggestions**](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/discussions)
* [**Who's making this portal?**](https://github.com/kenneth558)  This repository is initiated and built by a supporter of both Kat Kerr and Elijah Streams but not affiliated with, nor explicitly approved by either.  In fact, neither may even know about this web page tool, since neither has yet indicated in any way that they are aware of it.  If you are so inclined, **let others who post questions for Kat know that they can use this search tool** to help reduce the number of duplicate questions so Kat can present as much unique material to this world as possible.
* **What is the motivation for making this portal?** Kat's revelations are too valuable for mankind and time is too  limited to ask her to repeat previous ones when we need to hear new ones.  Thanks for making a difference.
* **Can this be made more intuitive or attractive?** I'm sure it could, but I'm too busy just making things functional to give priority to what I'm not gifted at.  If you're gifted at that, let me know, but do understand GitHub's limitation in that no database is directly available for wild card, AND, and OR searching.
* **How dependable will this endeavor be, as in, how long will it last?**  This is NOT a top priority for me.  [I will accept someone else taking over it.](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/blob/main/Linux%20commands%20to%20create%20transcription%20files)  In the meantime, I'll try to keep the ElijahStreams transcriptions current and add other's video transcriptions to them periodically.  [How to get transcriptions from YouTube videos.](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/blob/main/How%20to%20get%20youtube%20transcriptions)


#### More verbosity:
##### This is a SIMPLE text search portal for YouTube transcriptions of Kat Kerr presentations
##### Purpose: Use search terms to discover what Kat Kerr may have already spoken about.  This project was motivated by so many people wanting to ask Kat Kerr questions, but way, way too many of those questions duplicated what she has already spoken about.  I hope to reduce the demand for her to repeat herself in order to let her share never before shared revelation details.

Open the [Search current content](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/blob/main/Kat%20Kerr's%20Heaven%20Talks%20sans%20timestamps%20and%20linebreaks?raw=true) link AND THE OTHER CONTENT LINKS here or above and perform the standard web page search that you would perform to search for text on any web page.  That type of search could be initiated on a rendered page from a menu or keypress combination.  Try the control-f keypress combination for starters, if you are short on ideas.

If you decide to listen to your findings, you'll want to perform the search again but in the file that contains the timestamps.  For example,  let's say you found something in a file linked as "https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/blob/main/Kat%20Kerr's%20Heaven%20Talks%20sans%20timestamps%20and%20linebreaks?raw=true".  Notice where you see "%20sans%20timestamps%20and%20linebreaks" in there.  When you see that phrase that file has no timestamps in it.  To pull up the version WITH the timestamps, modify the link destination by simply removing that portion of the link.  

Here are the two versions lined up better so you can better see what I mean:

    ...................................................................................V----REMOVING THIS GETS TIMESTAMPS----V
    https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/blob/main/Kat%20Kerr's%20Heaven%20Talks%20sans%20timestamps%20and%20linebreaks?raw=true
    https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/blob/main/Kat%20Kerr's%20Heaven%20Talks?raw=true
The first line is the file always where to search first, the second line contains timestamps, but all those timestamps and linebreaks make multi-word searches far more difficult.  Copy and paste the 2nd destination version into the browser address box.

When Kat makes a presentation more recent than any I've already included, you may notify me of it by submitting a notice via one of two ways.  Which one will ends up being better than the other remains to be seen.  The two ways are [Issues](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/issues) and [Discussions](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/discussions).  For older videos, you'll save sending me on a wild goose chase by doing a little due diligence before notifying me - I'll ask that you make certain the video got transcribed by YouTube AND that you have checked at least three spoken phrases from the video for their appearance in already collected content.  Thank you!
***
My 2 cents: The human race has descended from royalty, so each of us has a destiny commensurate with that ancestry.  The farther away from that destiny anyone strays, the less power, authority, and fulfillment they'll have in this physical dimension.  Jesus Christ is Lord of All, The Way, The Truth, The Life, The Light of the world, Steward of All Authority, a member of Elohim ("God-kind"), AND OUR REDEEMER!  His Blood cleans us up from our failings so we can team with Him as fellow-heirs to fulfill our destiny of royal splendor and pleasures for evermore...if we desire that (and why wouldn't we?) and receive Him.

Within my GitHub area, you will find some development projects I have initiated and worked on.  They include electronics circuitry and software development.  The one I am most endeared to is a device with which to observe a plant's reaction to human beings as the royalty that we are.  I invite you to look at [that repository](https://github.com/kenneth558/plant_resistance_primary_perception) and [IKEA's secondary school's demonstration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yx6UgfQreYY) on YouTube.  The device I am developing is technologically based on the work of Grover Cleveland Backster Jr. (who never gave glory to Jesus Christ and thus died without seeing the success befitting his findings and doesn't get linked here).  The vision for this device comes from the 1985 NDE of [Howard Storm](https://youtu.be/_3LhdOPPv_M?t=63) while he was a professor of Art and head of the department of art at Northern Kentucky University.  My continued motivation for development is based on [Jesus' words after He withered the fig tree](https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/Matthew-21-21/) and on Kat Kerr's admonition to embrace God's ideas for entering the upcoming season of Kingdom Has Come (my title, not hers).

[How my beliefs might differ from others'](https://github.com/kenneth558/Dysusing-dispensation-no-more/raw/main/DYSUSING%20DISPENSATION%20-%20NO%20MORE!) (suffice it to say I remain STRICTLY adherent to Scripture while allowing for continued revelation that does not contradict Scripture.)
